docs: vite 5 announcement blog post (#14860)
vitejs/vite: docs/blog/announcing-vite5.md

- [Allow path containing `.` to fallback to index.html](/guide/migration#allow-path-containing-to-fallback-to-index-html)
- [Align dev and preview HTML serving behaviour](/guide/migration#align-dev-and-preview-html-serving-behaviour)
- [Manifest files are now generated in `.vite` directory by default](/guide/migration#manifest-files-are-now-generated-in-vite-directory-by-default)
- [CLI shortcuts require an additional `Enter` press](/guide/migration#cli-shortcuts-require-an-additional-enter-press)
- [Update `experimentalDecorators` and `useDefineForClassFields` TypeScript behaviour](/guide/migration#update-experimentaldecorators-and-usedefineforclassfields-typescript-behaviour)
- [Removes previously deprecated APIs](/guide/migration#removed-deprecated-apis)
- [Read more about advanced changes affecting plugin and tool authors](/guide/migration#advanced)

## Acknowledgments

Vite 5 is the result of long hours of work by our community of contributors, downstream maintainers, plugins authors, and the [Vite Team](/team). A big shoutout to [Bjorn Lu](https://twitter.com/bluwyoo) for leading the release process for this major.

> We're also thankful to individuals and companies sponsoring Vite development. [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/), [Nuxt Labs](https://nuxtlabs.com/), and [Astro](https://astro.build) continue to bet on Vite by hiring Vite team members. A shoutout to sponsors on [Vite's GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/vitejs), [Vite's Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/vite), and [Evan You's GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/yyx990803). A special mention to [Remix](https://remix.run/) for becoming a Gold sponsor and contributing back after switching to Vite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're also thankful to individuals and companies sponsoring Vite development. [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/), [Nuxt Labs](https://nuxtlabs.com/), and [Astro](https://astro.build) continue to invest in Vite by hiring Vite team members. A shoutout to sponsors on [Vite's GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/vitejs), [Vite's Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/vite), and [Evan You's GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/yyx990803). A special mention to [Remix](https://remix.run/) for becoming a Gold sponsor and contributing back after switching to Vite.
```

I think at this point it's safe to say that vite isn't a bet anymore
